chicken pot stickers are really fun to
cook at home and I'm going to show you a
couple tips that will help you avoid
disaster when you're making your pot
stickers the first thing that can happen
is your pot stickers can explode in the
pot and there they won't be delicious
because they're just going to be watery
mush so you have to make sure to seal it
right first of all secondly I'm going to
show you how to get a good sear on them
so they don't stick to the bottom of the
pan first thing we're going to do is put
our pot sticker ingredients together so
I'm taking my lemongrass here adding all
of that in half of my ginger half of my
garlic scallions hoisin sauce 1 spoon of
that we'll save the rest for later
a little sesame oil I'm going to mix
this up a little salt and pepper
so this is our potsticker mixture right
here it's just that easy
we'll just go ahead and lay out these
dumpling wrappers we'll just take a
little bit of this filling put it right
in the middle of each one of these guys
here a little bit over a teaspoon in
each one of these remember when you're
working with chicken you always want to
clean your cutting board down afterwards
and wash your hands really well rinse
off my fingers so the first trick to
making sure that you get a nice seal in
your pot stickers and they're not
exploding is I've got a bowl of water
here and I've also got a fork so I'm
going to take my fingers and I'm just
going to wet them and go around the edge
I'm going to fold it and crimp it with
my fingers and get a really nice seal
when you lay them out like this you have
a methodology to how you're working you
can actually do them pretty quick and to
take it even a step further I'm going to
take the fork I'm just going to go
around the potstickers just like that
they're really locked in there that's
not going anywhere
they all look good you've got a pot of
boiling water going here already next up
I'm just gonna double them straight into
the boiling water
bada bing bada boom while these are
going I'm gonna let them cook for about
another minute I'm turning my non-stick
pan on this has been about three or four
minutes in the boiling water add a
little bit of oil for a pan here turn it
up to high nice and hot we're gonna
drain these guys out you want to be
careful here because there's water and
oil and I can splatter a little you're
going to carefully put these in here in
a single layer and we'll just let them
go on one side so they're nice and
crispy then we're going to flip them
over see how nice those are we cook them
a little bit before we put them in the
pan here so that's going to be the key
to making a nice crunchy pot sticker on
the outside so we're going to give these
about a minute and a half on each side
all right so these have been going on
one side for a couple minutes I'm just
going to give them a quick flip they're
getting done here perfect
we can use a spatula for this too I like
to use a fork because you can get under
there we'll give it another minute on
this side the secret right now is just
to get a nice and crispy though these
guys are done they're nice and crispy
and delicious so I'm just going to take
these and put them to the side on a
plate and we're going to use the same
pan still hot add a little bit more oil
and then we're going to add the rest of
our aromatics that we had which is the
ginger and the garlic that we had set
aside and these scallions classic
ingredients and that just takes
literally a couple seconds I already
have a nice hot pan so adding our baby
tatsoi straight into that salt pepper
give it a quick toss that's all you need
this is done add your pot stickers back
in soy sauce
our mirin and our hoisin toss it all
together so let's plate it up and see
how it tastes
look at that
it's a delicious beautiful tatsoi nice
crispy potstickers
just going to eat one of these out of
here it's going to be hot and I'm very
excited about it hmm
taut but it's amazing it's delicious
it's full of flavor they're nice and
crispy and tick check it out not a
single one opened up I have complete
faith that you guys can make it at home
send me your pictures I want to see them
and enjoy this great food Thanks